the garrison of the village of Donetsk was held
instructing amine with saturna
explosive objects are told
per 32 mouth and brigade ghost callsign
Cairo, I will explain now a little about
me
let's start the smallest here is mine moment 2
infantry mine pressure action
push button here's a key
rotates 90 degrees
pulled out all mine gets up in combat
platoon
dripped put sprinkled everything and left through
a few minutes mine got up in combat
a platoon to demine it is needed like me
I burn either a treasure hunter because
regular mine detectors will not take either
probe
shoot her very easily if you found her
she poses no threat here
you and get them somewhere just
you throw out well and that's what I am of course
miscarriage well and somewhere destroy here
there are specialists who do here there are two
traffic jams
which you are scampering here here
the tube here is on the stake is not a needle
which hits the blasting cap and
an explosion occurs there is flooded spent if
here these corks unscrew come out
the detonator then mine will be neutralized
frag mine this is mine actually
how I give a lot of it all that
we have bye here right now bye
the presence of
Mina Mon-50 Mina more serious course
she put somewhere
stuck in the ground like this on pegs
find either here like a tripod and vinci
there is something special
bracket he for example a tree either
just where its like that so much
ways
here this hole is sight
really sight mine aimed
actions
you and you look at the sight to
the fragmentation was roughly directed
here's the arrow for, and even
it says here that this is the direction to
the enemy is not so shrapnel shot
grenade from a grenade launcher here it is not
so it worked to destroy
here is mine too man like this mine
frag directional but it's already won
100 respectively this is a more powerful mine
more than a warrior and as well as her or put
here are the brackets on the pegs somewhere
the tree is also special there to her
sight but it is set separately
the inconvenience of this mine is that she has
too have the same than he 200 here
she is such a powerful killer
too narrow a bunch of shards it rather
specifically directed
here you need to send it further TMC m-62
the most common mine
anti-tank which is here
used here there is still
so-called 57 but she rarely comes across here
therefore rarely used here
fuse twisted accordingly
tank runs over or car or you can foot
knock here the fuse is pressed through here
there is a tablet that explodes
here comes an explosion directed here
eight and a half kilograms of trotyl and
accordingly a good explosion is obtained
and here it is poured this practice here
flooded spent on what it means taip 62 m
This tank precisely 62 year the
there is no release of this particular mine
when this mine was invented and introduced
troops letter m means that mine
it is in a metal case there are such
same mines plastic case
then there is 62 n
tm 62b by swamp mine is just
spent compressed eating rag mines
Ie options such mines enough
lot
Here is a plastic mine than convenient or by
marshy something that again does not see them
mine detector state that is the one that
reacts to the metal mines filled
here it is specifically mine filled
the marine mixture is written by n.
it is a mixture of sea a mixture of spending
hexogen and aluminum powder
well there in certain pro under proportions
there are mines just t
who are fueled by TNT is just
mines that are tg which is fueled and
spent hexogen foot in principle
all sorts of mixes are enough to kill
human